Document support for "incognito": "split" (#33661)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/127/index.md

## Changes for add-on developers

> - Firefox now installs extensions using the `"split"` value of the manifest.json [`"incognito"`](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/incognito) key. However, Firefox doesn't support split mode, and extensions are installed using the `"not_allowed"` value ([Firefox bug 1876924](https://bugzil.la/1876924)).

Reviewer: The previous phrasing could be misinterpreted as Firefox somehow installing extensions according to the incognito key.

```suggestion
- Firefox now supports installation of extensions that specify the `"split"` value of the manifest.json [`"incognito"`](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/incognito) key. Previously such extensions cannot be installed, now they can but "split" is treated as an alias of the `"not_allowed"` value ([Firefox bug 1876924](https://bugzil.la/1876924)).
```
